README.md, before:

In this repository, I collect my solutions to the Google Code Jam problems. These files include both solutions I submitted during contests as well as solutions I have written for practice after the contests had ended. For the sake of consistency and readability, I have omitted the solutions I created during the Code Jams of 2012 and 2013 (in Java), and have started afresh in Python in 2014. I might clean those up sometime, and add them here.

As readability is a main goal of the solutions presented here, I have refrained from (micro-)optimisations that have a negative impact on readability and do not benefit the running time or complexity significantly.

### Google Code Jam 2014

|         | A-small | A-large | B-small | B-large | C-small | C-large | D-small | D-large |
|--------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
|   **Q** |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |
| **R1A** |         |         |         |         |         |    -    |    -    |    -    |
| **R1B** |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |         |         |         |    -    |    -    |
| **R1C** |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |

### China New Grad Test 2014

|        | A-small | A-large | B-small | B-large | C-small | C-large | D-small | D-large | E-small | E-large |
|-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
| **RA** |    ✓    |    ✓    |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| **RB** |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |

### Google Code Jam 2013

|         | A-small | A-large | B-small | B-large | C-small | C-large | D-small | D-large |
|--------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
|   **Q** |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |  ✓ / _  |         |         |
| **R1A** |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| **R1B** |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| **R1C** |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |

### Europython 2013

| A-small | A-large | B-small | B-large | C-small | C-large | D-small | D-large |
|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
|    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    -    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |         |

Commit message:

Clarified README omission of China 2014 Practice Round

README.md, after:

In this repository, I collect my solutions to the Google Code Jam problems. These files include both solutions I submitted during contests as well as solutions I have written for practice after the contests had ended. For the sake of consistency and readability, I have omitted the solutions I created during the Code Jams of 2012 and 2013 (in Java), and have started afresh in Python in 2014. I might clean those up sometime, and add them here.

As readability is a main goal of the solutions presented here, I have refrained from (micro-)optimisations that have a negative impact on readability and do not benefit the running time or complexity significantly.

### Google Code Jam 2014

|         | A-small | A-large | B-small | B-large | C-small | C-large | D-small | D-large |
|--------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
|   **Q** |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |
| **R1A** |         |         |         |         |         |    -    |    -    |    -    |
| **R1B** |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |         |         |         |    -    |    -    |
| **R1C** |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |

### China New Grad Test 2014

Note that the Practice Round is a subset of EuroPython 2013 and was thus omitted.

|        | A-small | A-large | B-small | B-large | C-small | C-large | D-small | D-large | E-small | E-large |
|-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
| **RA** |    ✓    |    ✓    |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| **RB** |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |

### Google Code Jam 2013

|         | A-small | A-large | B-small | B-large | C-small | C-large | D-small | D-large |
|--------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
|   **Q** |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |  ✓ / _  |         |         |
| **R1A** |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| **R1B** |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| **R1C** |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |         |

### EuroPython 2013

| A-small | A-large | B-small | B-large | C-small | C-large | D-small | D-large |
|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
|    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    -    |    ✓    |    ✓    |    ✓    |         |
